Home - Qullamaggie
Skip to content
Hi,
I’m Kristjan
Before you ask me any questions or comment on anything across any of my social media accounts, please read everything and watch all the videos linked below as I don’t have the time or energy to answer the same questions over and over again.
Like seriously… spend at least 10 hours on this content or don’t bother me with questions.
What do YOU need to do?
STEP 1:
Since most of you get here from my Twitch stream you need to read and understand the
Twitch Chat Rules
below.
STEP 2:
Read the blog posts and watch the videos linked below and understand the content
STEP 3:
Follow me on social media (only if you want to make millions), links below.
STEP 4:
Congratulations, you have taken the first steps towards being a consistently profitable trader.
Also, now you can feel free to contact me on social media.
If you want to learn how to make millions read/watch these:
About Me
Frequently Asked Questions
My 10-million dollar setups
Important Tweetstorms
Momentum Scan
EP scan
Swing Trading School
Methodology
and
THE MOST PROFITABLE DAYTRADING SETUP
ChatWithTraders interview
Compilation of Setups
Me in the Wall Street Journal
Community stream recaps: check out
@StatBear
@Dannyl_ee
and
@Billyonaire__
on Twitter for recaps of new and old streams!
Twitch Chat Rules:
No unnecessary chatter in the first 30 minutes after the market open. Strictly business.
No pumping stocks.
No politics.
No asking “do you like stock $ABC?” or just writing a ticker in chat. Elaborate on what setup you see or what your thoughts are, then ask for feedback or opinion. If you put in no effort or thought process yourself, no one will be willing to help you.
There is a
Discord
if you want to chat with traders off streaming hours.
I am NOT running any paid service, any alert service and I don’t sell anything.
I only want dedicated people wanting to learn to trade.
If you don’t follow the rules
and if it is obvious you haven’t read the above posts,
you will be muted/blocked
sooner rather than later.
I want
quality people over quantity
in my trading community.
If you want alerts or entertainment, I’m sure
these guys
are happy to take your money.
Thank you =)
Contact / Follow Me
Twitter
Stock Trading related commentary and thoughts
YouTube
Uploading streams here, chat not included
Twitch
Streaming first 1-2 hours of every trading session.
The latest streams can be viewed here with the chat included
Discord
Discord for followers who want to chat, hang out and share setups and ideas
Follow Me
How to master a setup: Episodic Pivots
Kristjan Kullamägi
Some good Tweetstorms
Kristjan Kullamägi
3 TIMELESS setups that have made me TENS OF MILLIONS!
Kristjan Kullamägi
NASDAQ comparison late 90’s vs today
Kristjan Kullamägi
Natural gas multibaggers
Kristjan Kullamägi